docs: incorporate valuable Mintlify Bot suggestions (#149)
usebruno/bruno-docs: send-requests/res-data-cookies/cookies.mdx

![cookie-delete](/images/screenshots/send-request/res-data-and-cookie/cookies/6-delete-cookie.webp)

To manage cookies programmatically, see the [Cookie Management](/testing/script/javascript-reference#cookie-management) section in the JavaScript API Reference.

## Cookies in Collection Runs

When you run a collection via the Collection Runner or the [Bruno CLI](/bru-cli/overview), Bruno automatically saves and forwards cookies between requests. This includes cookies set by responses with **any** status code - 2XX, 4XX, and 5XX responses all have their `Set-Cookie` headers processed.

To disable automatic cookie handling in the CLI, pass the `--disable-cookies` flag:

```bash
bru run --disable-cookies
```

> In the desktop app, you can toggle cookie storage off in **Settings → General**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the desktop app, you can toggle cookie storage off in **Preferences → General → Store Cookies automatically**.
```
